---
layout: post
title: So You've Been Thrown Down A Well
subtitle: A Troika! Adventure Double-Zine
date: 2020-05-26 00:00:01 +000
description: 
img: 20200526-well.png
fig-caption: A Troika! Adventure Double-Zine
format: PDF & Print Available
---
*After a long fall, you've landed on something soft. A bit squishy and squelchy, really. And moving. Is it... a worm?*

Plunge into the Judicial Well in search of redemption (and possibly escape!) in this fully illustrated adventure, **So You've Been Thrown Down a Well**.

You will also find 6 well-worthy backgrounds for your players to choose from, as well as a handy list of 36 objects thrown in the well (other than you): Well-dwellers and worm-cultists, flooded tunnels, weird mushrooms, and some invertebrates that might be lunch... or allies! Up to you!

This adventure is intended for use with the Troika! rpg. If you aren't familiar with Troika!, you should be! It's a rules-light, completely wacky RPG by the Melsonian Arts Council*. We're big fans of the surreal fiction it prompts. In fact, it prompted "So You've Been Thrown Down A Well"!

## A Miscellany of Backgrounds

And that's not all! In addition to *So You've Been Thrown Down A Well*, you also get **A Miscellany Of Backgrounds**, a second Troika! zine containing 12 fully illustrated character backgrounds including "The Manycrowned of Bathe-In-Sky," "The Runewright," and "The Two Bound As One." These character playbooks can be used in any Troika! game, each with their own unique skills and descriptions.

#### A5 size, color cover, 56 color interior pages

#### [Purchase the PDF on Itch.io - $10](https://byemberandash.itch.io/downawell/purchase)
#### [Purchase the Print & PDF bundle on Itch.io - $22.99](https://byemberandash.itch.io/downawell/purchase?reward_id=4663)
#### [Purchase the PDF on DriveThruRPG - $10](https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/313219/So-Youve-Been-Thrown-Down-A-Well)

*So You've Been Thrown Down A Well is an independent production by Ember+Ash and is not affiliated with the Melsonian Arts Council.*
